COPYRIGHT.md, before:

# Copyright

All files are licensed BSD-3-Clause as stated in `LICENSE` file, except exceptions listed here.

----

All files under `vendor/imgui_impl/include` and `vendor/imgui_impl/src/` are licensed under `MIT` license:
<details>
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2024 Omar Cornut

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
</details>

---

All files under `vendor/angelscript_impl/include` and `vendor/angelscript_impl/src` are licensed under `Zlib` license:
<details>
   AngelCode Scripting Library
   Copyright (c) 2003-2024 Andreas Jonsson

   This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
   warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any
   damages arising from the use of this software.

   Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any
   purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and
   redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

   1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you
      must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use
      this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product
      documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

   2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and
      must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

   3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source
      distribution.

   The original version of this library can be located at:
   http://www.angelcode.com/angelscript/

   Andreas Jonsson
   andreas@angelcode.com
</details>

---

`demo/gltfviewer/assets/aviation_museum_4k.hdr` is licensed under `CC0-1.0` license:

https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

Thanks to Sergej Majboroda, on [polyhaven.com/a/aviation_museum](https://polyhaven.com/a/aviation_museum).

---

`demo/shared/shaders/pbrNeutral.glsl` is licensed under `Apache-2.0` license:

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

---

`demo/shared/shaders/Fxaa3_11.h` is licensed under:
<details>
                    NVIDIA FXAA 3.11 by TIMOTHY LOTTES


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COPYRIGHT (C) 2010, 2011 NVIDIA CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
*AS IS* AND NVIDIA AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA
OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION,
OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF NVIDIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.
</details>

---

## Third-Party Attributions

Following third party libraries are used:
* [AngelScript](https://www.angelcode.com/angelscript/) published under [Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html)
* [Boost](https://www.boost.org) published under [BSL-1.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSL-1.0.html)
* [Catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2) published under [BSL-1.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSL-1.0.html)
* [Dear ImGui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [EnTT](https://github.com/skypjack/entt/wiki) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [fastgltf](https://github.com/spnda/fastgltf) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [\{fmt}](https://fmt.dev) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [FreeType](https://freetype.org) published under [FTL](https://spdx.org/licenses/FTL.html)
* [Jolt Physics](https://github.com/jrouwe/JoltPhysics) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [GLM](https://glm.g-truc.net/) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [glslang](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glslang) published under [LICENSE](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glslang/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)
* [HarfBuzz](https://harfbuzz.github.io) published under [LICENSE](https://github.com/harfbuzz/harfbuzz/blob/main/COPYING)
* [meshoptimizer](https://meshoptimizer.org) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [MikkTSpace](http://www.mikktspace.com) published under [Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html)
* [Recast Navigation](https://recastnav.com) published under [Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html)
* [SDL](https://www.libsdl.org/) published under [Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html)
* [simdjson](https://simdjson.org) published under [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html)
* [spdlog](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [SPIRV-Cross](https://simdjson.org) published under [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html)
* [stb](https://github.com/nothings/stb) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [tree-sitter](https://tree-sitter.github.io/tree-sitter/) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [volk](https://github.com/zeux/volk) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [Vulkan](https://www.vulkan.org) published under [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html) and [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [VulkanMemoryAllocator](https://github.com/GPUOpen-LibrariesAndSDKs/VulkanMemoryAllocator) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [Vulkan::UtilityHeaders](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Utility-Libraries) published under [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html)

Following third party libraries are used by the engine demos exclusively:
* [tree-sitter-glsl](https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-glsl/) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)

Commit message:

Add copyright notice for conan/index

COPYRIGHT.md, after:

# Copyright

All files are licensed BSD-3-Clause as stated in `LICENSE` file, except exceptions listed here.

----

All files under `vendor/imgui_impl/include` and `vendor/imgui_impl/src/` are licensed under `MIT` license:
<details>
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2024 Omar Cornut

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
</details>

---

All files under `vendor/angelscript_impl/include` and `vendor/angelscript_impl/src` are licensed under `Zlib` license:
<details>
   AngelCode Scripting Library
   Copyright (c) 2003-2024 Andreas Jonsson

   This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
   warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any
   damages arising from the use of this software.

   Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any
   purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and
   redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

   1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you
      must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use
      this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product
      documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

   2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and
      must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

   3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source
      distribution.

   The original version of this library can be located at:
   http://www.angelcode.com/angelscript/

   Andreas Jonsson
   andreas@angelcode.com
</details>

---

All files under `conan/index` are licensed under `MIT` license:
<details>
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Conan.io

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
</details>

---

`demo/gltfviewer/assets/aviation_museum_4k.hdr` is licensed under `CC0-1.0` license:

https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

Thanks to Sergej Majboroda, on [polyhaven.com/a/aviation_museum](https://polyhaven.com/a/aviation_museum).

---

`demo/shared/shaders/pbrNeutral.glsl` is licensed under `Apache-2.0` license:

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

---

`demo/shared/shaders/Fxaa3_11.h` is licensed under:
<details>
                    NVIDIA FXAA 3.11 by TIMOTHY LOTTES


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COPYRIGHT (C) 2010, 2011 NVIDIA CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
*AS IS* AND NVIDIA AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA
OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION,
OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF NVIDIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.
</details>

---

## Third-Party Attributions

Following third party libraries are used:
* [AngelScript](https://www.angelcode.com/angelscript/) published under [Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html)
* [Boost](https://www.boost.org) published under [BSL-1.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSL-1.0.html)
* [Catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2) published under [BSL-1.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSL-1.0.html)
* [Dear ImGui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [EnTT](https://github.com/skypjack/entt/wiki) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [fastgltf](https://github.com/spnda/fastgltf) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [\{fmt}](https://fmt.dev) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [FreeType](https://freetype.org) published under [FTL](https://spdx.org/licenses/FTL.html)
* [Jolt Physics](https://github.com/jrouwe/JoltPhysics) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [GLM](https://glm.g-truc.net/) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [glslang](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glslang) published under [LICENSE](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glslang/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)
* [HarfBuzz](https://harfbuzz.github.io) published under [LICENSE](https://github.com/harfbuzz/harfbuzz/blob/main/COPYING)
* [meshoptimizer](https://meshoptimizer.org) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [MikkTSpace](http://www.mikktspace.com) published under [Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html)
* [Recast Navigation](https://recastnav.com) published under [Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html)
* [SDL](https://www.libsdl.org/) published under [Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html)
* [simdjson](https://simdjson.org) published under [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html)
* [spdlog](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [SPIRV-Cross](https://simdjson.org) published under [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html)
* [stb](https://github.com/nothings/stb) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [tree-sitter](https://tree-sitter.github.io/tree-sitter/) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [volk](https://github.com/zeux/volk) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [Vulkan](https://www.vulkan.org) published under [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html) and [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [VulkanMemoryAllocator](https://github.com/GPUOpen-LibrariesAndSDKs/VulkanMemoryAllocator) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
* [Vulkan::UtilityHeaders](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Utility-Libraries) published under [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html)

Following third party libraries are used by the engine demos exclusively:
* [tree-sitter-glsl](https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-glsl/) published under [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
